right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  66.66667 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted front with  66.66667 % certainty
right : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  66.66667 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  66.66667 % certainty
front : predicted left with  66.66667 % certainty
front : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted left with  66.66667 % certainty
right : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
right : predicted left with  66.66667 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
right : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
front : predicted front with  33.333336 % certainty
front : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
left : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted left with  66.66667 % certainty
front : predicted front with  66.66667 % certainty
left : predicted left with  66.66667 % certainty
left : predicted left with  66.66667 % certainty
right : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
right : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted right with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted right with  66.66667 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
left : predicted left with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
front : predicted front with  100.0 % certainty
right : predicted front with  66.66667 % certainty
Accuracy:  0.8055556
Average Certainty:  0.89351875